Acceptance. By submitting a query or by using the SWITRS information, you signify your agreement to all terms, conditions, and notices referenced herein (the "Terms of Use"). You acknowledge and agree that CHP may pursue any appropriate legal or technical remedies to prevent the violation of these Terms of Use and to protect its computer network.

Scope of Use. CHP provides SWITRS information as a public service. Such information is provided for your personal, non-commercial use, and does not constitute an official record for any purpose.

No Warranty. This Web site and the SWITRS information are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Due to collision records processing backlogs, SWITRS data is typically seven months behind. Data requested for dates seven months up to the current date will be incomplete. Report data is dynamic and may change from the time of an initial report requested based on the processing of new collision records in the SWITRS database.

Although the CHP attempts to maintain the highest degree of accuracy of content on this Web site, you agree to use this information at your own risk. CHP makes no guarantees, representations, or warranties of any kind, express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, including, but not limited to, content; quality; accuracy; completeness; effectiveness; reliability; fitness for a particular purpose; or usefulness. Further, the CHP expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the content of this Web site. Independent verification of this information is strongly recommended before use.

Limitation of Liability. CHP shall not be liable, under any circumstances, for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages that result from the use of, misuse of, inability to use, or reliance upon this Web site or the information provided through this Web site. This limitation applies uniformly to all allegations of liability, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other theory of liability.

Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless CHP and the State of California for all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising out of or in connection with your abuse or intentional misuse of information obtained from this Web site.

Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
